Exclude dimensions used in faceting from squeeze (#8174)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

  names were not updated properly internally (:issue:`7405`, :issue:`7588`,
  :pull:`8104`).
  By `Benoît Bovy <https://github.com/benbovy>`_.

> - Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer results in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer squeezes these dimensions.
```

Maybe a bit more specific?

> - Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer squeezes dimensions passed via these arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer squeezes dimensions passed via these arguments
```

  special case ``NaT`` handling in :py:meth:`~core.accessor_dt.DatetimeAccessor.isocalendar()`
  (:issue:`7928`, :pull:`8084`).
  By `Kai Mühlbauer <https://github.com/kmuehlbauer>`_.
- Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer results in an error.

> - Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer squeezes dimensions passed via these arguments.

Reviewer 2: Only keep this line.
Some merge went wrong here

> - Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer results in an error.
> - Calling plot with kwargs ``col``, ``row`` or ``hue`` no longer squeezes dimensions passed via these arguments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
